hi I'm Jeff principal director of
operations of the barfi in this video
I'd like to tell you why the barbeque
cleaner is a sizzling business
opportunity the barbecue cleaner offers
a proven business to clean and
rejuvenate barbecue grills we developed
our barbecue cleaning system using a
unique cleaning system called oven that
was imported from the United Kingdom now
there are over 120 locations throughout
Europe and Australia we tested this
system in Bergen County New Jersey for
the past three years to make sure the
business was profitable and what we
discovered is that barbecue cleaning
provides a tremendous business
opportunity what we also found out is
there's a very basic truth about
barbecue grills
everybody knows grills get extremely
greasy and dirty but they really hate to
clean them and until now girl owners did
not have many places they could turn to
have their grills professionally clean
the barbecue market is bigger than ever
consider a few facts seventy-seven
percent of American households own at
least one barbecue and just last year in
2008 alone seventeen point four million
new grills were chipped this means a
larger customer base for you and a
greater chance for success the barbecue
cleaner also offers a great list of
benefits to customers deep cleaning to
remove grease and fat and carbon
deposits especially in places I can't be
seen removal of harmful carcinogens that
can be transferred on to food an
extended grill life by preventing future
corrosion and removing build-up thorough
cleaning of various areas of the grill
including the hood rotisserie racks drip
pans pullout trays grill racks flavor
riser bars and eating plates the end
result is an attractive girl that anyone
would be proud of to show off to their
family and friends plus the cleaning
process itself is relatively fast the
average job is done in about an hour and
a half time best of all the barbecue
cleaner system gives you all the tools
training supplies and knowledge you need
to provide the service and start a
successful business
let me tell you a little bit more about
what it is you'll receive you'll get our
operations and startup guide which will
show you how to start and run a
successful business and deliver a
quality service to your market you'll
receive our personalized marketing
materials that are professionally
developed that will be delivered
straight to your door these will include
postcards door hangers advertisement
copy press releases website templates
and much more plus you'll receive our
cleaning products and an initial supply
that will last you for your first 100
jobs you'll also get all the equipment
necessary including a fully customized
service trailer with our patent-pending
Kleenexes with the BBQ cleaner you get
everything you need to get up and
running quickly on top of the value you
receive for your investment the BBQ
cleaner also offers a great earning
potential you can earn over seventy
seven thousand dollars a year on just
four to five hours per day our test
markets have shown that you can charge
between ninety nine dollars and 149
dollars per cleaning depending on your
area do that for just two to three
cleanings a day in a year-round climate
and you're earning seventy seven
thousand dollars a year with the BBQ
cleaner you don't need any experience
just the willingness to get your hands
dirty and deliver a great service
contact us and get started today we can
be reached at area code two oh one five
four six four zero one zero or you can
visit our website at
www.clemson.edu/peach
you